for you bigger you and cellular was just
a few just take the shot just take like
a reg'lar shot just take it sorry for
interruption hey comedy 1 welcome and
sorry for the interruption this time the
topic is Maggie I cannot find the words
to say how I feel no no no no no not not
that Maggie why now we all know that
Maggie's been banned all over India due
to the high amounts of lead found in the
dish now seriously if it really had that
much msg then men would be not Raja and
women would be upstairs I wonder if it's
true never seen a long now Maggie
covered a huge market and a huge space
in our hearts so let's spare two minutes
for those two minute Maggi noodles
I got some very negative leg you know
and there are some poor soul still
living their lives happily as ever
completely oblivious to the current
situation
now for those of you women on shaadi.com
who don't know what to do with their
stove anymore
well you know let in Maggie would have
been detected a long time ago of a
victim from cid are consumed it Surya
photographed oh he's he ducky on the
secretary huh if they see doc tilta just
maybe a photo ki GA AC duct on the troop
carbide haha anyway since that didn't
happen the government seems to have
hired undercover agents to arrest Maggie
stashes I mean stackers I mean holders
blue shirt blue jeans of a 12 to white
shoes Colleen and go back to an erection
yeah call a trolley or Sofia ramada
financial muffler those are you do Sega
brown shoes
now you know besides Maggie there's a
whole variety of ways to die and then
there's people who don't consume my here
at all but they deserve to die him too
siskiyou and then there's some oh that's
the spot that's my ass the whole forum
stupa hi captain who studied from iin
captain awesome this is Captain Awesome
I really wonder how he avenged that one
you know there are very serious problems
in the world then Maggie and its lead
content I mean like this little girl who
realized our little brother will grow up
we've all been there the bottom line
guys is that Maggie is just one way just
one way to destroy yourself so don't
hate on it so much I mean there's so
many freakin ways to bust yourselves up
so before we end let's have a small
tribute to this delicious easy to make
disastrous fucking food
so guys I hope you liked this episode
I'll be back with a whole lot more stuff
so please stay tuned and like share
comment and subscribe and if you want to
see mo countdowns please put them in the
comments section I'd like to know what
do you want to see a count-out off so I
can search for those videos and talk
rubbish so that you can post galleys in
the comment section yeah anyway peace
out for now now let's see what happens
if we take that track and put it with a
video of some old man foot tapping this
should be fun